roastChicken	로스트 치킨	grill	chicken	none	any	strong
porkBarbecue	돼지 바비큐	grill	pork	none	any	strong
roastBeef	로스트 비프	grill	beef	none	any	weak
roastEgg	구운 계란	grill	egg	none	any	weak
roastPollack	대구 구이	grill	none	pollack	any	weak
roastSalmon	연어 구이	grill	none	salmon	any	weak
roastShrimp	새우 구이	grill	none	shrimp	any	weak
roastClam	조개 구이	grill	none	clam	any	weak
roastPotato	구운 감자	grill	none	none	potato	strong
samhap	삼합	grill	pork	shrimp	onion	strong
friedChicken	프라이드 치킨	fry	chicken	none	any	strong
friedPork	탕수육	fry	pork	none	any	strong
friedShrimp	새우 튀김	fry	egg	shrimp	any	weak
friedShrimp	새우 튀김	fry	none	shrimp	any	weak
friedOnion	양파 튀김	fry	egg	none	onion	weak
friedOnion	양파 튀김	fry	none	none	onion	weak
frenchFries	감자 튀김	fry	egg	none	potato	weak
frenchFries	감자 튀김	fry	none	none	potato	weak
tomatoEgg	토마토 계란 볶음	fry	egg	none	tomato	weak
scrambledEgg	스크램블 에그	fry	egg	none	none	weak
eggRoll	계란말이	fry	egg	none	carrot	weak
eggRoll	계란말이	fry	egg	none	onion	weak
friedCombo	모듬튀김	fry	chicken	shrimp	onion	strong
friedCombo	모듬튀김	fry	pork	shrimp	onion	strong
friedCombo	모듬튀김	fry	chicken	shrimp	potato	strong
friedCombo	모듬튀김	fry	pork	shrimp	potato	strong
chickenSoup	치킨 수프	boil	chicken	none	any	strong
boiledPork	수육	boil	pork	none	onion	strong
boiledPork	수육	boil	pork	none	none	strong
beefStew	비프 스튜	boil	beef	none	any	strong
tomatoEggSoup	토계탕	boil	egg	none	tomato	weak
pollackSoup	대구탕	boil	none	pollack	potato	weak
pollackSoup	대구탕	boil	none	pollack	onion	weak
spicyStew	매운탕	boil	none	shrimp	carrot	strong
spicyStew	매운탕	boil	none	shrimp	onion	strong
spicyStew	매운탕	boil	none	shrimp	potato	strong
clamSoup	조개 수프	boil	none	clam	carrot	weak
clamSoup	조개 수프	boil	none	clam	potato	weak
clamSoup	조개 수프	boil	none	clam	onion	weak
vegetableSoup	야채 수프	boil	none	none	any	weak
jjampong	짬뽕	boil	pork	clam	carrot	strong
jjampong	짬뽕	boil	pork	clam	onion	strong
rawMeat	육회	raw	beef	none	none	weak
rawSalmon	연어 회	raw	none	salmon	none	weak
salad	샐러드	raw	none	none	carrot	weak
salad	샐러드	raw	none	none	onion	weak
salad	샐러드	raw	none	none	tomato	weak